NAME
    TBX::Min - Read, write and edit TBX-Min files

VERSION
    version 0.01

SYNOPSIS
            use TBX::Min;
            my $min = TBX::Min->new('/path/to/file.tbx');
            my $concepts = $min->concepts;

DESCRIPTION
    TBX-Min is a minimal, DCT-style dialect of TBX. This module allows you
    to read, write and edit the contents of TBX-Min data.

METHODS
  "new_from_xml"
    Creates a new instance of TBX::Min. The single argument should be either
    a string pointer containing the TBX-Min XML data or the name of the file
    containing this data is required.

  "new"
    Creates a new "TBX::Min" instance. Optionally you may pass in a hash
    reference which is used to initialize the object. The allowed hash
    fields are "title", "origin", "license", "directionality", "source_lang"
    and "target_lang", which correspond to methods of the same name, and
    "concepts", which should be an array reference containing
    "TBX::Min::ConceptEntry" objects.

  "title"
    Get or set the document title.

  "origin"
    Get or set the document origin string (a note about or the title of the
    document's origin).

  "license"
    Get or set the document license string.

  "directionality"
    Get or set the document directionality string. This string represents
    the direction of translation this document is designed for.

  "source_lang"
    Get or set the document source language (abbreviation) string.

  "target_lang"
    Get or set the document target language (abbreviation) string.

  "doc_lang"
    Get or set the language used in the document outside of "LangGroup"
    contents (such as in the title or origin strings.) This should be an
    abbreviation such as "en".

  "concepts"
    Returns an array ref containing the "TBX::Min::ConceptEntry" objects
    contained in the document.The array ref is the same one used to store
    the objects internally, so additions or removals from the array will be
    reflected in future calls to this method.

  "add_concept"
    Adds the input "TBX::Min::LangGroup" object to the list of language
    groups contained by this object.

  "as_xml"
    Returns a string pointer containing an XML representation of this
    TBX-Min document.

AUTHOR
    Nathan Glenn <garfieldnate@gmail.com>

COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE
    This software is copyright (c) 2013 by Alan Melby.

    This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
    the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

